Take your stuff and get out
It's you who should get out
See clearly
I am now the president of Lu Enterprises
You don't have the voice over, do you?
company equity
The answer is more agreement
It's not enough, I'll ask you again.
It's just that you didn't read the agreement carefully
Oh girl
The person in front is a fake.
Soldiers never tire of deception
Are you dead?
Something that belongs to you
I'm just mine
I'm warning you just to capture Qianling and threaten me
But you can't come
What to do?
pre-battle
Do you really want to do this to your own uncle?
Many of your actions constitute crimes
Sin doesn't deserve to be read again
Write back to you, you bastard
We Hire
Go get ready
I want to confess my identity to Jiayun
What to prepare
Mai Hua Book Restaurant
The sense of ritual must be pulled over
Otherwise, he can't get rid of the money.
Then I don't have to go to so much trouble
Actually, I already guessed it